_____ First draft Pitch/intro _____

First of all, thank you for the opportunity to talk today!

* I am a full-stack web developer who recently made a career change from my background in the manufacturing sector.
* After 8 years in my previous role, I felt I had learned everything I could and was ready to take on new challenges.
* I have always been interested in computers, and I enjoy solving problems so software seemed like a natural fit.
* My time at CodeWorks taught me that I am very much a goal driven person, and am motivated to constantly improve. (Work ethic)
* I work hard to consistently deliver value and lift up my team mates.
* I intend on bringing that inquisitive spirit of growth and self improvement into my next role.



_____ Stand out as a candidate

Research the company, know at least basic facts about them. 
Memorize at least one of their corporate "values" and play on that. Incorporate it into the elevator pitch..
Learn what kind of work they do and what tech stack they use.
(If I don't have experience with that particular tech, emphasize how Vue.js or DOTNET etc.. are "similar" in some regard.)

_____ Whiteboard Challenges

I have attended several of the whiteboard challenges in class, including the one today on 6/1/2022.
They highlight the fact that I need more practice with the fundamentals. 
I intend on doing just that as soon as time allows. 
I have signed up on codewars.com and tried out advent of code. 
I also plan on revisiting FreeCodeCamp.com if I don't find work as fast as I hope to.

_____ STAR RESPONSES 

QUESTION: Tell me about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.

MY ANSWER - A new worker was placed in my department and we had personality differences that I found very challenging.
			Instead of letting those feelings fester I was open about this and communicated my how I felt.
				Being open and honest cleared the air and helped us maintain a healthier working relationship going forward.

QUESTION: When you’re working with a large number of customers, it’s tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. 
How do you go about prioritizing your customers’ needs?

MY ANSWER - There were times in my previous role where I would have a queue buildup.
			I would have to decide which task to tackle first. I generally would deal with these in a first-come-first-serve basis.
				This generally worked fine, but sometimes I had to be flexible and prioritize based on level of importance or complexity.
				By handling the easier delivery first, everything would be cleared faster.

QUESTION: Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?

MY ANSWER - There were many times that felt overwhelming, particularly around holidays and annual inventory counts.
			In the inventory example, I would work an entire week of 12+ hour days and it certainly was stressful.
			The key to handling that stress was pacing myself, taking regular breaks, and managing my time effectively.
			Not rushing ended up being safer and allowed me to maintain a more positive attitude.

QUESTION: Tell me about a time when you worked under either extremely close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?

MY ANSWER - In my previous role, I had very little supervision. I was expected to be mostly autonomous and keep everything flowing smoothly.
			It required me to apply self-discipline and stay on task without anyone reminding me. 
      Being self-directed in this way was a great way to learn how to manage my time effectively. 
      The managment grew to trust that I was capable of keeping everything in line.

QUESTION: Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?

MY ANSWER - My supervisor was asking me to count every screw and rivet in a container holding tens of thousands. I refused.
			I then explained that the time and wages spent doing so would end up costing more than the material itself.
				Holding my ground led to us changing the process to use a precision scale to weigh count instead, boosting speed and accuracy.
				
QUESTION: Tell me about yourself and why you want this job?

MY ANSWER - I believe I can make a positive impact in this role, and this is a field I am passionate about.
			I believe I will be able to contribute so much and I am determined to deliver valuable products to your clients.

_____ Questions to ask potential employer

After I learn the basics here, what opportunities are provided for continued learning and career growth?

What do the most successful people here do differently than everyone else?

What are the top skills and traits you’re targeting for this position?

What’s the most challenging aspect of the role?

What are the next steps in the interview process and when can I expect to hear back?
